So we kinda saw that with,
we made the icon set,
we put in our notification as well,
we got a few more tricks.
So that is good for
swapping out one icon, right?
But let's say you have a world
where there's a table, right?
And if various points,
maybe it's like tweets, right?
Especially if it's the same
data that you're just showing,
a different lengths for
different views, right?
You might wanna say, okay, on mobile,
we only wanna show this many on desktop,
we wanna show this many,
so on and so forth, right?
Do you have to create it,
cuz you can't remove
components, Or
layers inside of a component.
So what do you do if you wanna have
a version of this that can be a really
long version, a really short version,
so on and so forth, right?
How do you handle that?
Do you have to make tables of all
different sizes and just swap instances?
Is that the way we wanna live?
I'm gonna argue no, there's another
kinda trick, cuz even menus, right?
If you have a different number of items,
so on and so forth.
We do know that we can change the height,
I was changing the height of stickies and
also stuff this entire time.
And so there is a trick
here that we can kinda do,
which is, so we could take a version
of our card component from before,
and I'll do this kinda by hand,
pull this out, right?
This is, I've changed offers,
I have some pagination here, right?
And so on and so forth.
And what we could do is we can
also take something like this and
pop it in, Make it the full width.
And we can make another one And,
Let me put that in the right place.
Snap it in.
All right, sweet, and
we'll do one more just so
I can do that command D trick
cause I messed up the first time.
Boom, and then, I'm basically put in
way more than we could ever want.
And you can see we've got clip content,
right?
And so the default one, we grab it
We'll kinda snap to the component.
And so now what we could do is,
Bring this in and like if we wanna have
a bunch of these, we can bring one in.
And we could say, all right,
what I want you to do,
you gonna be allowed to do
these need to fill the content.
We.
All right, so
now the table will kinda stretch this way.
And then we can also grab it, and
we can have whatever size that we need for
our UI, and just have it in place.
Now, a bonus trick that we could do is,
these are fixed.
As you can see,
I can't really do much to them.
I can change the text in them, but
the overall structure is kinda in place.
I can't even do that auto layout trick and
move them around, all right?
It just moves the whole thing.
But theoretically, and
you'd have to be really be
dedicating this point because you
have to switch a bunch of them.
If this was a component, you could swap
it out with all the different tables and
rows that you might see, right?
So you could have this idea of a top bar
that is a component, a bottom bar that's
a component and all these rows, you
would have to swap them all out, right?
But you could theoretically
have a customizable and
reusable table that you could
have in your UI as well.
And we're gonna use this for
another trick in a little bit but yeah,
one more way that you can have more
flexible components instead of
having to create all sorts of
different things over and over again.